= w32evol_wrapper -- w32evol obfuscation engine wrapped in Ruby

== Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Dependencies
3. Installation
4. Usage
5. Development

== 1. Introduction
<b>Does not contain a virus</b>

This is a Ruby wrapper for the obfuscation engine 
{w32evol}[https://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol].

The {w32evol}[https://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol] obfuscation engine 
has a command line interface.  This wrapper allows you to use the obfuscation 
engine within your Ruby scripts.  

== 2. Dependencies

* {Ruby 1.9.2}[http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/] or greater
* {wine}[http://www.winehq.org/download] (1.3 or greater, may work with 1.2)
* {w32evol}[https://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol/downloads] 
  (v0.1.0 is include in this gem's ext folder)

== 3. Installation

=== Rubygems:
You might need to use sudo.
 gem install w32evol_ruby

=== Not Rubygems:
1. Download w32evol_ruby[http://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol_ruby/downloads]
2. Require the w32evol Ruby class file in your program (lib folder) 
   * The w32evol.exe engine is located in this gems ext folder.

== 4. Usage

=== Example 1
This example is found in the examples directory.
 #!/usr/bin/env ruby

 require 'w32evol'

 ARGF.binmode
 input = ARGF.read
 # Assuming engine is installed in this gem's "ext" folder.
 # Otherwise, you must pass the engine's executable path to the class's 
 # constructor.
 # For example:
 # engine = W32Evol.new({:command => "/path/to/engine"})
 engine = W32Evol.new

 output, errors, status = engine.obfuscate(input)

 puts "INPUT:", input.inspect
 puts "STATUS:", status
 puts "ERRORS: ", errors
 puts "OUTPUT:", output.inspect


== 5. Development

Author:: {Martin Velez}[http://www.martinvelez.com]
Copyright:: Copyright (C) 2012 {Martin Velez}[http://www.martinvelez.com]
License:: GPL[http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html]

=== Source
Bitbucket[https://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol_ruby/src] is hosting this code.
 http://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol_ruby/src

=== Issues and Bug Reports
Provide feedback, get help, request features, and reports bugs here:
 https://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol_ruby/issues?status=new?status=open
